So for the next section before
we get in to an exercise.
I wanna talk super briefly
about Unit Testing.
So testing in Go,
Go does have a built in library for
testing which I find it incredibly useful.
If you're like me, the series
of small teams I have worked on,
all have decided to use different
testing frameworks for different reason.
Some people want Cyprus,
Mocha Chai, when in the mood for
that day with Go, it's a built in
testing framework that makes testing
kind of a little bit more painless.
So to write a unit test, you're gonna
have a couple different things.
First of all, you're gonna be
working with some sort of goFile.
So we just created that map goFile.
In the example on the screen,
you're looking at an average.go file.
Let's say this file has a couple utility
functions that calculate the average like
we've been doing in some of the examples.
In order to test that file you'll need
to call the file name average_test.
So you typically do whatever that
file is your testing_test.go.
The test file does need to live in
the same directory as the go code
that you're testing.
And then you'll write a test that looks
similar to the example on the board which
we'll work through together.
And then to actually run that code at
the end of the day you'd use Go test.
So a couple things that are happening
in the test file itself,
the package name should match the actual
package that you're working with.
So for in that utils file testing
the math.go, it'd be package utils.
And you can import the testing
library directly from
the built-in source code from Go.
The only func we need in this
file is a test function itself.
And the convention here,
is to use capital T test and
then the capital name of whatever
function or file you're testing.
So here we're gonna do test average,
and it takes one argument.
The argument is represented here by T,
and then a pointer value to testing.T.
And the pointer values,
we're gonna cover in the next lesson, but
it indicates that this variable
is something we can modify.
So the next couple of lines, 10 and 11,
we're settings these values ourselves.
So in Mocha Chai,
you have kind of an assertion
library where this is the structure
you need your assertion to match,
to then get the results from your test.
And in Go we get to kind of have
a little bit more control over what
that looks like.
So I'm setting two different variables.
The first is what I expect to
have happen out of the function.
And the second is what's actually
happening when I call utils.average and
pass some values into it.
From 13 to 15, I'm saying hey, if the
actual value doesn't match the expected
throw an error modify that T variable, and
I want you to send the error,
hey, the average was incorrect.
I expected this one thing,
I got this actual thing, and
then passing in those verbs like we did
with this string formatting earlier today.